okay I'm Tony messenger this is my
zundapp KS 619 41 I'm going to show you
how to start this bike basically it sold
six volt system so what we do first of
all make sure the battery is connected
which is this is a new six volt because
my old battery is not very good bit sick
so this one's new so gel battery six
volt two amps
pasty you go key down mission for a
little bit of throttle we connect this
addiction advanced then we go make sure
that the fuel is turned on and kick
over should go right away it's out of
gear of course but the back stands up
doesn't really matter I can't do with
this sound thing on here so we'll do it
this way should let me go first kick
a little bit cold there we go
now have a nice uh Kia 600 going
this can be turned for headlights high
vim and low beam
then she kills the bike too enough the
fuel good we go